you
and yo what's up guys it's Welsh Randy
SG here and welcome to another video
this is your play of the day by Snyder
and shame the goal was against me not
for me but I want to mention this is
gone up later than usual due to the fact
of the pod gas went up on a friday I was
gonna play or upload this on a Saturday
but I decided to let the podcast simmer
over the weekend and it went did really
well and if you don't know more about
for the batter net podcast we did have
que si on a lot of the case I fans came
on over if you're one of them now like
say hi and pushing hometown few actually
came from him and hopefully you enjoy my
videos if you just subscribed for the
podcast enough it comes out every
Saturday usually but yes is crack on
into this we have play in Malaga we've
got two legs against Malaga in the
Spanish cap and yeah we played really
well in this first leg completely win we
kind of really dominated we control the
game got really lucky at the start with
apparently for us because there was an
amble claim and it was yep what a nicely
set apparently for bana knees he's not
actually our best pandey I believe we
got 81 pounding so he's pretty good i'm
really got the best i will really go
free-kick take guy forever than bad i
mean you only got like 78 but a cost of
the ladies and gentlemen does end up
scoring in this 22nd minute to get
ourselves a second goal and one goal
that was either brilliant player guys
ears like 30 but he is without doubt one
of the best players I have ever used at
front I want to mention at the start you
mean notices some transfer news yes i
will be selling douglas and maybe i'll
tie by the thumbnail and the reason for
this is because i think he's done the
weakness for the price tag of actually
paid for him so i thought why not sell
him and bring in someone I trestle I
will be bringing opara at the moment and
Malaga get very close to actually
scoring there but in the 57th minute we
do push for with the ox and look at this
I play a cost that again just
unfortunately hits it why Norval doubt
that deserve the goal and never great
player good daddy now try to squirt
across guess like
key but walleye chip if you were if you
knew you kind of may not know but if
you're an old subscriber you know I let
my trip goals and this one was just high
perfect as he dived I chipped it
straight over the goalkeeper and sure we
do have an another tat a 90th minute to
get very close to extend in the lead but
unfortunately we don't but we do end up
winning the first leg three nil but so
hopefully this will be a winning
advantage for us to go into the second
leg and dominate into the next game
against Malaga we did get an offer for
Douglas over 1 million above his price
tag i think that is we did send for 10
we also sell lunafer 2.1 the reasons I'm
settings because these players with the
most players which didn't perform the
most i would say a little glitch at by
other game froze and unfortunately it
doesn't show the online the actual team
lineup oh yeah wanna make sure shoot
away i did this question on twitter if
you don't follow me on twitter guys
there will be a link in the description
and what is i actually asked whatever
sports to watch ever than football but
we do go when they'll tell you against
the man again unfortunate it was hit
very poor defending but yes whatever
sports you'll watch over than football
me i'm really into Formula One like I
can't get enough of it i watch it week
in week out and if it's on early i'll
get up early and stuff like a so yes
i'll be happy shakers i really want to
get to know you guys a lot more as like
you guys know me a lot more often so if
you have a question which you'll be like
hmm this would be a good question to ask
myself ask myself and also ask the
subscribers posting a comment sir yes
Hamsik does score we do go to nail down
it goes from bad to worst first ladies
and gentlemen however if we could come
back from this but in the same key first
minute we do push forward with a cost
that again and the most bizarre thing
about this game is that we add the zacks
inside out the I believe Malaga must
have been tired or summat Daniels lines
but we did have a week off so the
players wasn't tired but it goes from
bad to worse and we do get a handball
against us and it does look like we
could go free kneel down and we do we go
the right way but lucky enough handset
gets enough
and perfect past courtois but yes you
got realized we it is free all no away
goals but while a safe on court are so
we do go to extra time ladies and
gentlemen but in the end of a
ninth-minute Malaga push forward and it
was just an exquisite goal poor
defending overall the goalkeeper
could've done nothing there but we
should have done a lot better and this
is why I'm bringing new defenders the
the positioning on the players are
appalling at the moment especially with
Douglas but in the Underland 20th minute
ladies and gentlemen lack a set does end
up scoring to get away goal to draw it
for all to help us win the game proceed
to the next round of the Spanish Cup and
to be honest it was luck on our side
alien gentleman guys have ever been like
that we you only need one goal to win a
game and you just pull it out the bag
and like that last dying seconds of a
game but back into the League of bva we
were playing via rail in this game and
dead we did plane before I believe we'll
beat them so if this could be a fairly
simple game in my opinion to dominate
just show that we still go experience
and we could do wow but I had the change
side up quite a bit in this particular
one and we got Shagari on the ball gets
very close to actually scoring but yes I
did see that we got the chain to sign up
quite a bit dude Italian us because this
was like three days after but another
great safe on Courtois there again the
game was really end-to-end actually can
hit our first game that we ever played
against them we do have been now on the
ball and to be honest guys Beck is a
really good right back I'll have to give
a shout goat choke to him he said an
awesome awesome right back can better
compete to my right back let's have had
on before but we do make some cells we
bring on like a set on and also syn ack
just a freshen up the legs a little bit
just to keep them on edge but look at
this the two strikers that I brewing on
get fit get brilliant counter time for I
would say wins the ball just on the
halfway and like I said does slot that
home pass the goal keep up with at the
confidence and makes it one nil just
before the 60th minute but we don't want
to secure the game on one nil this
be playing the dailies and you have an
eight-year minute now we get very close
to actually scoring but unfortunately it
goes wide and oh yeah if you are new
player date doesn't necessarily have to
be a goal it can actually be up just a
really nice play that's why I call it
play the day instead of goal of the day
but in the 90th minute that goes against
s poor defending overall we should have
got to it but a bit of luck what on Via
Rail side and we do unfortunately end up
drawing that game to drop two points in
the Lee bva and lose our current race to
the top the table so yes guys are like
teeth thanks for watching I hope you all
enjoyed the video if you are new don't
forget to subscribe and I'll see you
guys next time bye bye